Adding setCookies option to a page instance (#49)
Studiosity/grover: README.md

Grover.new('<some URI with basic authentication', username: 'the username', password: 'super secret').to_pdf
```

#### Adding cookies

> If you need to set cookies to your new page instance, just pass them along like this (please note that the only required properties are `name` and `value`. Check [.setCookies](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/master/docs/api.md#pagesetcookiecookies) docs):

Reviewer: Please limit line length to 120 chars max. Ideally keep it under 100.

Also, suggest using a more formal tone when writing documentation.

```suggestion
To set request cookies when requesting a URL, pass an array of hashes as such

_N.B._ Only the `name` and `value` properties are required. See
[page.setCookies](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/master/docs/api.md#pagesetcookiecookies)
documentation for more details.
```

```ruby
myCookies = [
  { name: 'sign_username', value: 'any@any.com', domain: 'mydomain' },
  { name: '_session_id', value: '9c014df0b699d8dc08d1c472f8cc594c', domain: 'mydomain' }
]
Grover.new('<some URI with cookies', cookies: myCookies).to_pdf
```

> If, let's say, you wanted to just forward the cookies that you got on your original request, you can do something like:

Reviewer: Again please be careful on line length, many code editors work best when the line is shorter. Also be sure to use a formal tone

```suggestion
If you need to forward the cookies from the original request, you could extract them as such:
```

```ruby
def header_cookies
  request.headers['Cookie'].split('; ').map do |cookie|
    key, value = cookie.split '='
    { name: key, value: value, domain: request.headers['Host'] }
  end
end
```

And give that array to Grover:

```ruby

> myCookiesFromRequest = header_cookies(request)
> Grover.new('<some URI with cookies', cookies: myCookiesFromRequest).to_pdf

Reviewer: the method no longer takes an argument so this should just be:

```suggestion
Grover.new('<some URI with cookies', cookies: header_cookies).to_pdf
```

Grover.new('<some URI with basic authentication', username: 'the username', password: 'super secret').to_pdf
```

#### Adding cookies

> If you need to set cookies to your new page instance, just pass them along like this:

Reviewer: I'd suggest adding a note here to make it clear that the `name` and `value` attributes are required, and that other properties are optional. Maybe also link to https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/blob/master/docs/api.md#pagesetcookiecookies ?

```ruby

> myCookies = [{:name=>"sign_username", :value=>"any@any.com", :domain=>"mydomain"}, {:name=>"_session_id", :value=>"9c014df0b699d8dc08d1c472f8cc594c", :domain=>"mydomain"}]

Reviewer: prefer newer hash notation rather than rockets:

```suggestion
myCookies = [
  { name: 'sign_username', value: 'any@any.com', domain: 'mydomain' },
  { name: '_session_id', value: '9c014df0b699d8dc08d1c472f8cc594c', domain: 'mydomain' }
]
```

> Grover.new('<some URI with cookies', cookies: myCookies ).to_pdf

Reviewer: Remove the space before trailing bracket please

```

If, let's say, you wanted to just forward the cookies that you got on your original request, you can do something like:

```ruby

> def header_cookies(req=nil)

Reviewer: the spacing in your example looks a bit messed up. Could you please clean it up?

    req ||= request
    cookie_dough = request.headers['Cookie'].split '; '

>     resultHash = Hash[cookie_dough.map do |c| 

Reviewer: prefer you used `...map ... .to_h` instead of `Hash[ ...map ... ]`

      pieces = c.split '='
      [pieces[0].to_sym, pieces[1]]
    end]

>     return resultHash.each_with_object([]) do |(key, value), array|

Reviewer: would be cleaner with just `map` ?!

> def header_cookies(req=nil)
>     req ||= request
>     cookie_dough = request.headers['Cookie'].split '; '
>     resultHash = Hash[cookie_dough.map do |c| 
>       pieces = c.split '='
>       [pieces[0].to_sym, pieces[1]]
>     end]
> 
>     return resultHash.each_with_object([]) do |(key, value), array|
>       array << { name: key, value: value, domain: request.headers["Host"] }
>     end
>   end

Reviewer: Doesn't look like you were using `req` and iterating over the cookies twice didn't seem necessary. Something like this would likely do fine..

```suggestion
def header_cookies
  request.headers['Cookie'].split('; ').map do |cookie|
    key, value = cookie.split '='
    { name: key, value: value, domain: request.headers['Host'] }
  end
end
```

Author: I tested it and it is working so I'll commit your suggestion. I'm not a Rails developer and this is my first pull request ever so you can guess :smile:

```

And give that array to Grover:

```ruby
myCookiesFromRequest = header_cookies(request)

> Grover.new('<some URI with cookies', cookies: myCookiesFromRequest ).to_pdf

Reviewer: can you remove the trailing space before the closing bracket?
